Adding upgrade by tier in rolling_upgrade doc (#77491)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/upgrade/rolling_upgrade.asciidoc

. Nodes that are not <<master-node,master-eligible>>. You can retrieve a list
of these nodes with `GET /_nodes/_all,master:false` or by finding all the nodes
configured with `node.master: false`.
.. If you are using data tiers, you should

> upgrade the nodes by tier starting with frozen, cold, warm then hot-content tier.

Reviewer: I think this could be misunderstood to allow to take any of frozen, cold and warm first as long as hot nodes are done last. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
upgrade the nodes by tier, completing one tier at a time, in this order: frozen, cold, warm and finally hot tier.
```

This is to ensure ILM can continue to move between the phases and ensure version
compatibility.

> .. If you are not using data tiers, you may upgrade the nodes within the group in any order.

Reviewer: I think we should ideally call out that if "you are using node attributes for hot/warm deployment, upgrade the colder tier first."
